>> Jen Kramer: So we're gonna start
here with, this is the Flexbox answer.
This is the Codepen, the URL for this
Codepen is inside of your instructions for
chapter one and you can follow along here.
So, as you see over in my HTML, I set this
up with a whole bunch of divs because
there's absolutely nothing semantic
whatsoever going on in this code.
We have the letters A through H, the end.
So I've just used div tags here.
I gave you a class for
every single one of those inside divs, and
then a class on the outside as a wrapper.
Remember that the key to Flexbox is
parents and children, flex containers and
flex items.
If you remember that relationship,
Flexbox becomes so much simpler.
So what I've got going on here is,
first of all remember what to
declare on the flex parent.
That flex container.
Here on the wrapper, we've gone ahead and
set this up to display: flex.
We've said row-wrap, okay?
Cuz we want to put everything on rows,
it's gonna wrap onto
the next row potentially.
I've had my justified
content as space between.
Which one is space between?
How does that look?
>> Speaker 2: Everything except the ends.
>> Jen Kramer: Everything except the ends,
right?
Let's push it all the way
on out to the edges and
whatever space is in, we'll just
put in between the remaining boxes.
Why did I pick that?
It was convenient and it looked nice.
Okay, actually it doesn't really matter
that much with this particular layout,
if you don't mind a little bit
of white space on either end.
You could've done space between, for
example, you could've done space evenly.
A lot of other things you could've done.
But in order to get the boxes all the way
to the edge of the screen like that with
no white space,
you would need to use space between.
Okay, the other thing you might
have noticed is that the content is
gonna define the width of that box,
isn't it?
At least to start with.
And so align content of
stretch is gonna go ahead and
stretch those boxes to
fill the full widths.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, some of you
are looking like you're learning for
the first time.
Ooh yeah, these are some of the things
that we tend to look up in Flexbox.
We have a little cheat sheet,
we look them up.
I have one from the previous
class that I taught here.
I'll go ahead and add that to the Github
repost so you'll have that to refer to.
It's just a whole bunch of
properties you can take a look at.
[COUGH] All right,
now to put a space in between everything.
This is the hard part here,
how are we going to go ahead and
put a space in between
on a row by row basis?
Well, I use this cool
little selector here.
I said wrapper, and then this weird
looking greater than sign and the star.
What does that mean?
>> Speaker 3: It's the children.
>> Jen Kramer: All of
the direct children of wrapper.
Yeah, okay?
So if I'd had other stuff between those
divs, they wouldn't have been effected or
inside of those divs,
other than just the letters.
So here, this is going to put
a margin on the bottom of one round.
So that's going to give us our
space in between the rows.
Make sense, okay?
And then all I need to do is tell
it what the flex basis is for
all the rest of them.
>> Jen Kramer: So it's 66% for those
that look like they take up two columns.
30 or, what did I say?
32% for those that are a single column and
then 100% for
the one that takes up the full width.
And the reason that those are not.
Those are not fully
adding up to 100% is so
that we have a little bit
of space in between these.